[console_scripts]
audio-album-art = mediatools.album_art:main
audio-lib = mediatools.audio_lib:main
image-blinds = mediatools.blindify:main
image-poster = mediatools.poster:main
image-scale = mediatools.rescale:main
image-shake = mediatools.shake:main
image-stack = mediatools.stack:main
image-to-video = mediatools.image2video:main
linker = mediatools.linker:main
media-crop = mediatools.crop:main
media-specs = mediatools.filespecs:main
media-volume = mediatools.volume:main
video-concat = mediatools.concat:main
video-cut = mediatools.cut:main
video-encode = mediatools.encode:main
video-metadata = mediatools.metadata:main
video-mux = mediatools.mux:main
video-reverse = mediatools.reverse:main
video-slideshow = mediatools.slideshow:main
video-speed = mediatools.speed:main
video-stabilize = mediatools.deshake:main

